doc(release): Release notes modules 24.04 (#4565)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.mdx

## Centreon MAP

### 24.04.15

Release date: `August 5, 2025`

> <details>
>   <summary>Enhancements</summary>
> 
> - [Editor] Fixed an issue preventing groups of items from being duplicated.
> - [Editor] It is now possible to use sub-groups of items in a map.
> - [Server] Modified SQL user rights to grant only necessary ones.
> 
> </details>
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Bug fixes</summary>
> 
> - [API] A new updated version of the API documentation is now available.
> - [Editor] Avoided possibility to have a rectangle shape with width or height of 0 pixel, which caused error when saving a map.
> - [Editor] Line break management has been added to the extended Output widget when parsing BBDOv3 packets.
> - [Installation] Fixed my.cnf path for Debian.
> - [Map list] Fixed pagination.
> - [Migration] Added multiple information logs when migrating from MAP Legacy.
> - [Migration] Added multiple information logs when migrating from MAP Legacy.
> - [Server] Fixed access right issue with the media directory, preventing images from being copied on a remote server.
> - [Server] Fixed an issue preventing resources from being displayed when configuration contained a host without any service associated to it.
> - [Server] Fixed an issue that may prevent user from duplicating a map.
> - [Server] Fixed issue causing BA to disappear after a BAM reinstallation.
> - [Viewer] Fixed an issue where links to triangle shapes were shifted in view mode.
> - Fixed naming issue when modifying resources to be displayed.
> 
> </details>
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Security fixes</summary>
> 
> - [Vulnerability] Upgraded axios to version 1.8.4.
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Editor] Fixed an issue preventing groups of items from being duplicated.
- [Editor] It is now possible to use sub-groups of items in a map.
- [Server] Modified SQL user rights to grant only necessary ones.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [API] A new updated version of the API documentation is now available.
- [Editor] Rectangle shapes can no longer have a width or height of 0 pixel, which caused errors when saving a map.
- [Editor] Line break management has been added to the extended Output widget when parsing BBDOv3 packets.
- [Installation] Fixed my.cnf path for Debian.
- [Map list] Fixed pagination.
- [Migration] Added multiple information logs when migrating from MAP Legacy.
- [Server] Fixed access right issue with the media directory, preventing images from being copied to a remote server.
- [Server] Fixed an issue preventing resources from being displayed when the configuration contained a host with no service associated to it.
- [Server] Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented users from duplicating a map.
- [Server] Fixed an issue causing BAs to disappear after a BAM reinstallation.
- [Viewer] Fixed an issue where links to triangle shapes were shifted in view mode.
- Fixed a naming issue that occurred when modifying resources to be displayed.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

- [Vulnerability] Upgraded axios to version 1.8.4.

</details>
```

## Centreon MBI

### 24.04.8

Release date: `August 5, 2025`

> <details>
>   <summary>Bug fixes</summary>
> 
> - [Dependencies] Added missing dependency of Tie/File.pm on Alma 9.
> - [Packaging] Enforced permissions on centreon-bi backup cron.
> - [Publication Rules] Fixed several issues and brought some enhancements and clarifications when sending a test email.
> - [Publication Rules] Fixed SFTP test.
> - Fixed issue preventing installation from being completed when database tables already existed.
> - Increased column size for MTBF, MTRS and MTBSI columns.
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Dependencies] Added missing dependency of Tie/File.pm on Alma 9.
- [Packaging] Enforced permissions on centreon-bi backup cron.
- [Publication Rules] Fixed several issues and brought some enhancements and clarifications when sending a test email.
- [Publication Rules] Fixed SFTP test.
- Fixed an issue preventing installation from being completed when database tables already existed.
- Increased column size for MTBF, MTRS and MTBSI columns.

</details>
```
